Rephrase Array Indexing docs. (#12841)
ethereum/solidity: docs/types/reference-types.rst

It is possible to mark state variable arrays ``public`` and have Solidity create a :ref:`getter <visibility-and-getters>`.
The numeric index becomes a required parameter for the getter.

.. _array_indexing:

Array Indexing

> --------------

Reviewer: This puts it on the same level as arrays, doesn't it?

Author: Not sure. I'm not super familiar with rst, so I sometimes make educated guesses. Please keep that in mind when you're looking at my suggested edits. But, I'll get more familiar with it...

Reviewer 2: If this was meant to be a subsection, it should look like this (because `^` is the character already used above in the document for this nesting level):

```suggestion
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
```

Indices are zero-based, and access is in the opposite direction of the

> declaration. In other words, access is similar to other languages such as C.

Reviewer: Why do you say it is similar? I think that could cause confusion about multi-dimensional arrays.

Author: This is just symmetry with the prior statement in the documentation that the declaration direction "is not the case in other languages such as C."  This existed in the docs prior to this suggestion of mine.

In other words, I am trying to clarify for someone who just read that the declaration X[n][m] is backwards from C, that on the other hand, the access x[i][j] is not backwards from C, and is similar to what they are used to.

Accessing an array past its end causes a failing assertion. Methods ``.push()`` and ``.push(value)`` can be used
to append a new element at the end of the array, where ``.push()`` appends a zero-initialized element and returns
a reference to it.

For example, if you have a variable ``uint[][5] memory x``, you access the
seventh ``uint`` in the third dynamic array using ``x[2][6]``, and to access the
third dynamic array, use ``x[2]``. Again, if you have an array ``T[5] a`` for a type
``T`` that can also be an array, then ``a[2]`` always has type ``T``.

In more detail, contrast the type ``X[n][m]`` with the expression ``x[i][j]``: The latter

> reads right to left as "the j'th element of the i'th element of x"; and reads from left to right

Reviewer 2: Isn't a dash more typical for this?
```suggestion
reads right to left as "the j-th element of the i-th element of x"; and reads from left to right
```

> reads right to left as "the j'th element of the i'th element of x"; and reads from left to right

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
reads right to left as "the ``j``'th element of the ``i``'th element of ``x``"; and reads from left to right
```

> as "access x's i'th j'th element" or "x is an array of of which the i'th element is an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as "access x's i'th element's j'th element" or "x is an array of of which the i'th element is an
```

> as "access x's i'th j'th element" or "x is an array of of which the i'th element is an

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as "access x's i'th j'th element" or "x is an array of which the i'th element is an
```
or better
```suggestion
as "access x's i'th j'th element" or "x is an array whose i'th element is an
```

array of which the j'th element is accessed."

> In other word the [] operator is peeling off or indexing into x's outermost physical dimension.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In other words, the ``[]`` operator is peeling off or indexing into ``x``'s outermost physical dimension.
```

``x[i]`` references the i'th thing (zero based) in x. When x is of type ``X[n][m]``, those things
(thinking of x as a one dimensional array) are of type ``X[n]``. Notionally ``x[i]`` is like
``(X[n][m])[i]``, where the ``[i]`` peels off the ``[m]`` part. Therefore, further
indexing that as in ``x[i][j]`` is notionally like ``(X[n])[j]``, peeling of the ``[n]`` part

> and yielding an ``X``.

Reviewer 2: I think this is rehashing the same thing a bit too much. After reading this paragraph I'd probably be just more confused if I didn't already understand it from the previous one. This should really be more succint.

I think that this should focus on explaining whether `x[i][j]` means `(x[i])[j]` or `(x[j])[i]` and not what array indexing is.

In brief:

* ``x[i][j]`` is ``(x[i])[j]`` which yields types ``(X[n][m])[i]`` -> ``(X[n])[j]`` -> ``X``
* ``y = x[i]`` is the i'th ``X[n]``, where 0<i<m
* y's type is ``X[n]``
* ``y[j]``, is the j'th member of that particular ``X[n]`` array, where 0<j<n
* ``x[i][j]`` is ``y[j]``

> * in ``x[i][j]`` the indexes must be 0<i<m && 0<j<n

Reviewer 2: Maybe it would be clearer to replace it with an image (or even a small bit of ASCII art?) showing what `x`, `x[i]` and `x[i][j]` is (with `x` being a 2D array)?

Explaining it with text is very verbose and IMO not very clear. Visually the concept should be very intuitive.
